Homepage Link: https://foderjrpi.eastus.cloudapp.azure.com/iit/

Most Recent LabPage Link:  

Github repo Link: https://github.com/RPI-ITWS/itws1100-foderj

Lab 8 notes: 
Summary: This lab got me very comfortable with AJAX so that was defintley good, I enjoyed going through the different jQuery effects availible in order to make my 
page look cool and that was pretty fun. It was also pretty satisfying to be able to use the if-statments to make the reading and formatting of my json file much easier. 
This is mostly because I had already had prior experience with them and really knew what I was doing. I got the hand of making the json file pretty quickly as in my head I was just 
manually definining the contents of an array. 
Notes: From the instructions, I got the feeling that the resultant dynamically created webpage should look exactly like my orginal so thats what I did. 
The only difference in the HTML is the link references. The places in which I tried to be creative were the jQuery effects because that is something I could 'add-on' 
without changing to actual look of my projects page so that it was still equal to the original. 

to do: 
   Remeber on use case for definiting things that were dynamically added to the web page 
   link to same resources file as original projects.html webpage
   Make each function for each container type in json 
   For each rel link add ../ to everything except for head links
      use if statement


JSON Comments: 
   //use this for id as well
         //use if statement to read if flex or botton attributes
               // Each is a link tag to be added to the head

Before submit: 
   Research jQueryUI and how to spice up my website
   check to make sure websites exact

Potential sources of error: 
   omission of cross origin 

Questions: 
   Why do I not need to use on for sliding in elements 
   Also why must header slide in be in ajax function?
      along with footer, why can't 
   Why can't I put setTimeout in ajax function
   Going forward post lab 8, should I rer-route my website for my lab homebage to go to the one read in by the Json and delete the old one?

Things I learned: 

   (window).on('load': very similar to document ready but better for using on method 

   can view appended html using inspect for chrome
      chrome auto-next lines for tags

   $.each(collection, function(index, value)
      Collection is the array and list in which this method is iterating through. the second argument in the function to be applied to each object

   Various AJAx notes located in the lab7 solved
   getJSON usage on line 184 of the JS

